Dear Editor:
This paper contains some material from our abstract [1] recently presented at
ISMRM 2015 Anual Meeting, Toronto, CA. which obtained a "Magna cum laude" award.
We have properly referenced our previous work in the present manuscript, and the
main additions are summarized as follows:
1. We propose the Expected Cross-Correlation (ECC) matching functional for multi-modal
   brain image registration, including a theoretical derivation of ECC from an observation
   model (ECC was not mentioned in [1]).
2. We include quantitative results for all 6 combinations of mono- and multi-modal
   registration considering T1, T2, and PD images (in [1], only one multi-modal
   experiment was performed: T1-T2)
3. We include an extra validation protocol using only real images (no synthetic data
   required), for B0-T1 registration which allows us to evaluate our functional with
   realistic low-resolution B0 and real susceptibility-induced geometric distortions
   (in [1], only the approach based on semi-synthetic images was described).

Supplementary material includes detailed numerical quantitative results and enlarged
versions of some figures that may appear too small in the main document (to comply with
the 10-page limitation for initial submissions).

Reference:
[1] O. Ocegueda, E. Garyfallidis, M. Descoteaux, and M. Rivera, 
    “An algorithm and quantitative evaluation framework for registration of
    multimodal brain MRI,” in Proc. 23rd. Intl. Soc. Mag. Reson. Med., p. 1, 2015.

We thank you in advance for your time and effort processing our manuscript.
With warm regards,
O. Ocegueda, 
E. Garyfallidis,
M. Descoteaux,
M. Rivera.


This paper constitutes a major revision to our original manuscript with the same title submitted to Medical Image Analysis Journal. 
Unfortunately we were not given the opportunity to answer to the reviewer's concerns. This revision addresses all major concerns, 
some of which were misunderstandings. In particular, we would like to point out that we have included a stronger validation in the
case of B0-T1 registration following the advice of one of the reviewers, and also emphasize that our validation methodology, which
obtained a Magna Cum Laude award at ISMRM 2015 (document included as supplementary material) is not necessarily biased in favor of
our proposed matching functional (we have explained so in the main body of the manuscript). Please let us know if you wish to have
access to the original manuscript and/or previous reviews.
